(here you can put your knowledge for AI you can have more files, you can name files what ever you want. MUST HAVE .txt)

(you dont need to make sure to follow the example. Your knowledge can be in any form you have just make sure to put it in .txt file)

*********Prohibited product claims*******
On this page
General Rule on Prohibited Product Claims
Prohibited Product Claims for Diseases
Prohibited Claims for Environmental Products
Regulated and Prohibited Pesticide Claims
Prohibited FDA Approved Claims
Additional resources
Remember: You must comply with all applicable federal laws when listing and selling products on Amazon. You must also comply with state and local laws applicable to the jurisdiction into which your products are sold.
General Rule on Prohibited Product Claims
We want to make it easy for buyers to find, discover, and buy products on Amazon. However, it is also important to provide buyers with information about those products that is accurate and trustworthy, and that is not misleading about the qualities or characteristics of a product.

The Federal Trade Commission protects consumers from unfair or deceptive advertising and marketing practices that raise health and safety concerns. You should review FTC Guidelines and other applicable laws, regulations, and guidelines, as you remain responsible for ensuring that the claims made about your products are fully compliant. Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce.

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) also must approve a product for sale that intends to be used for the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease in humans or animals.

The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulates pesticide claims. Products with pesticide claims may require product registration with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).

Amazon policy prohibits the sale of products that are misleading about the qualities or characteristics of the product. Misstatements and partially correct statements are misleading because they do not disclose something the consumer should know.

For more information, see the Restricted Products help pages.

Prohibited Product Claims for Diseases
Amazon prohibits the sale of products that imply or claim to diagnose, cure, mitigate, treat, or prevent diseases in humans or animals without FDA approval. The following are some example of diseases that products cannot claim to cure, mitigate, treat, or prevent:

Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS)
Addictive substance withdrawal
ALS (Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or Lou Gehrig's disease)
Alzheimer’s disease
Anti-Bacterial
Anti-Fungal
Anti-Microbial
Attention Deficit Disorder Drugs (also known as ADD or ADHD)
Autism
Cancer
Cancroid
Cataract
Celiac
Chlamydia
Concussion
Coronavirus and/or COVID-19
Crohn’s
Cystic Fibrosis
Cytomegalovirus (CMV)
Dementia
Depression
Diabetes/ Diabetic/Diabetic Neuropathy
Epilepsy
Flu
Glaucoma
Gonorrhea (‘The Clap’)
Gout
Hepatitis (A, B & C)
Herpes Simplex Virus 1 and 2 (HSV1 & HSV2)
Hodgkin’s Lymphoma
Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)
Human Papilloma Virus (HPV)
Influenza
Kidney cirrhosis or disease
Liver disease
Lupus
Lymphogranuloma Venereum (LGV)
Meningitis
Monkeypox
Mononucleosis (‘Mono’)
Multiple sclerosis
Multiple Sclerosis
Muscular Dystrophy
Mycoplasma Genitalium
Nano silver
Nongonococcal Urethritis (NGU)
Obesity
Parkinson’s/ Parkinson
Pelvic Inflammatory Disease (PID)
Pubic Lice (‘Crabs’)
Scabies
Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD)
Seizures
Stroke
Syphilis
Traumatic brain injuries (TBIs)
Trichomoniasis (‘Trich’)
Tumor
Prohibited Claims for Environmental Products
To sell products that are marketed with environmental claims on Amazon, you must ensure that the environmental claims you make about your product are not misleading about the qualities or characteristics of a product.

We're providing the following highlights from the FTC Green Guides and California's law on environmental claims to assist you in reviewing the environmental claims that you may make about your products. These highlights are not designed to be comprehensive. You should review the FTC Green Guides and other applicable laws, regulations, and guidelines, as you remain responsible for ensuring that the claims made about your products are fully compliant.

Regulated and Prohibited Pesticide Claims
Pesticide claims are regulated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. These claims may require product registration or require that the product be labeled with an EPA establishment number. The EPA registration and/or establishment number must be clearly labeled on the product. Claims that may require EPA registration include the following:

Anti-microbial
Anti-bacterial
Kills viruses
Repels insects
Other pesticide claims may be prohibited even if the product is registered with the EPA. Examples include:

Pesticide products that make public health claims (for example, products marketed to control or mitigate any disease, infection, or pathological condition)
Pesticide products that make false or misleading claims or are otherwise misbranded (for example, claims regarding the safety of the pesticide or its ingredients, such as “safe”, “non-poisonous", “non-injurious”, “harmless”, “non-toxic”, or “all natural”) For more details on registration and labeling, refer to the Help page on Pesticides and Pesticide Devices.
Prohibited FDA Approved Claims
Products that claim to be "FDA Cleared," "FDA approved" or products that include the FDA logo in associated images need to meet additional requirements (for more information, see: Is It Really 'FDA Approved'? and FDA Logo Policy).